To run the system locally, follow this guidelines:

install the requirements:
- Python 3.10
- Text Editor of choice (VS Code recommended)

Note: When running the command "manage.py" you must be inside the folder where the manage.py file is.

1. Make sure that Python 3.10 is properly installed. To check, open a command prompt and type "python --version"
2. Make sure that PIP is recognizable in command prompt. PIP is installed alongside python. To check, open a command prompt and type "pip"
3. If either of the first step is fails. Add Python and PIP into the "environment variables" and consider researching the internet.

Run the system locally (first time running):
1. download the latest copy of the system in github "https://github.com/GeneDev123/cannine_care" The "main" branch typically have the latest update.
2. Open the system in the text editor.
3. Open a command prompt from inside the directory of the project.
4. type "pip install pipenv"
5. type "pipenv shell"
6. type "pipenv install -r requirements.txt"
7. type "cd cannine_care" to go inside a folder
8. type "python manage.py runserver" to start the development server. "http://127.0.0.1:8000/" should be displayed if everything is working properly
9. Press ctr+c to stop the process

Initialize the database (first time running):
1: type "python manage.py makemigrations main" to initialize the database schema in your computer
2: type "python manage.py migrate" to create the database
3: type "python manage.py createsuperuser" to create an admin. Fill up the requirements. Note: password wont appear in the terminal.
4: type "python manage.py runserver" again to run the server then open the link to access the site

Run the system (After done with above):
1. Open the system in the text editor.
2. Open a command prompt from inside the directory of the project.
3. type "cd cannine_care" to go inside a folder
4. type "python manage.py runserver" to start the development server. "http://127.0.0.1:8000/" should be displayed if everything is working properly
5. Access the site through the link 
6. Press ctr+c to stop the process
